but
she hello my name is vladimir
serfs
you are watching a master class program
today, the topic of our programs is a choice
jig rod that is a rod for fishing on
jeep bait
but now
Russian fishing market
just teeming with all sorts of
half price there is a huge range as in
you don't get lost how to choose yourself
business worthy liquid brainchild
but first you need to know the percent
what conditions are you going to catch
first of all if it is coastal fishing
then you need to need perfectly
minimum 2 72 maximum 3 33 meters that is for
in order to
and you could get as far as possible
casts need to know and what is the strength of the current on
pond if this standing date
the percentage is enough court judgment with
standard range yes 30
Litvitsky five grams if he catch themselves
during
then, respectively, and
I value your deposit overgrowing as
example you can take the river of the eye
the percentage is interesting to know what is there
cases of different conditions if again
living sviridov stage avoided catching
this rod trick 3 30 meters and in order to
make the most cast we need
David Dunn long shots or even
throw the hoof
interesting points mean plus percent
since the flow is very strong ground
depth reaches 12 and 14 meters
not every thrush is especially often black
jeep lures every player is able
reach the bottom
ohh and so we need a rod with
the top pick over gram fiction
yes fifty to sixty
It means oah there is and they are a feature of it
live rod never broadcasts
fails ie countries for example answer
this student has a loan of up to 50 grams
we gave you 50 grams
calmly toss over long distances
bait but while posting the tip
rods
sums very much engaged that is, we
make a turn
and the rod as it falls into
moment of bite we can not ask
so just because you already have the rods
as if that is a pretty strong position
so
it is always advisable to take a rod
with a little big tests that is
for example if food is up to fifty drama it
does not mean that you can use cargo 50
gram on this personality you can
throw those 50 grams but make normal
quality on live wiring will not be possible
therefore, for such a child is usually
used dose grant from thirty to
thirty two in this case food is not
fail that is the wiring is obtained
fairly accurate clear
mean if we catch carry from boat
then we can choose our rod
a little shorter as it is particularly far
casting we do not need to do we mobile
we can move
in the way to the curb on the curb newspaper above
the brow is lower than the brow but ryazhenka
we can take credit even shorter
for example, I use it when fishing
reports using
size 2 40 to 70 so
Dmitrov this article is shamefully chosen in
depending on conditions standard
medium standard jeruy sharing it
five to thirty send ten to 40
and somewhere there is such a rod
Doors kia if we have for example oao
going fishing
on real grandfather
If we
your standing westbury
then again we need the far
cast because the mainstream shortage
interesting plots
not always passes a newspaper near
the shore
so again this brainchild of a length of three
until June 30 m3 thirty meters fts tone
range of drams to thirty usually
standing diana
but a maximum weight of 18 20 is used
gram that is quite enough
To achieve the date I wonder what that
plots at the bottom that is, let it be 14 12 16
meters that they are often found on
reservoirs
mean percent next moment if
we see it kia slot
on composed water
ayal for these conditions using other things
maximum length of 22 square meters
means space range
20 ti and 20 ti to faucet why so
shoots when young vodka nadya
the best option
is a short one personally i need here
long cast
we need maximum
sensitivity as light as possible
maximum control is
respectively 2 40
up to 20 years 20 kilograms percentage
an important point to me as I was all
it is known that
different outliers were created
specially for different fishing conditions
tease bait as for
specifically jig it is desirable that here
weekend ring then in this case here on
these are many things
Well done, that is, he was put on two
boats here in this case even for 3 then
have it look